# User Story #1

<ins>Story: </ins><br /><br />
As a new solo traveler, I want to get completely new and fully fleshed-out ideas for itineraries in places I've never been/heard of and customize them to my liking after seeing the generated itineraies so that I don't have to spend countless hours trying to find the "best" itinerary for me. I would also like to be able to save and use these itineraries if I wish to.

<ins>Description: </ins><br /><br />
This scenario is titled the "Generate Itinerary" scenario. The user will first navigate to the login page of the app (login story) and be authenticated. The user will then be able to, on the home page, press a button entitled "Generate a Trip for Me" where they will be prompted to enter into a search bar the place they would like to visit with a prompt at the top titled "Where would you like to go?" After entering in the city/country they would like to visit, they will then be prompted with another question/search bar entitled "When would you like to visit?" where there will be multiple options: to enter in a specific date, to select a general season, or a "Not sure" button. After selecting one of these options, our ChatGPT API backed itinerary generator will take the information and display the generated general itinerary based on the details they input. If the user wishes to further customize their trip, edit, save, or quit there will be three options at the bottom of their screen as well as an "x" button at the top left corner of the screen; the three options will be a search bar to enter in a specific response that the user wishes to generate (such as "remove __ excurison from the trip") and does not fit any of the other button prompts, a "customize" button which will bring up a pop-up of multiple pre-made prompts. These pre-made prompts will include (and may be subject to change/addition/deletion), "extend/shorten this trip by ___ days" where you can input the number of days, completely regenerate the trip, or "add in ___ city/country" where you can input the city/country as well. The other, and last, button is a "save" button where you can now add thiscomplete and generated into your itinerary section of the app.
