# User Story #3
Personalized Recommendation
Sarah is a logged-in user of our Travel Itinerary App, she wants to get a specific traveling through our App including recommendations of what to eat and where to visit. 
Sarah plans to travel to Chicago from June 15, 2023, to June 19, 2023, and she has already booked the Trump International Hotel for 4 nights. So, she’s able to preset her location of where she is living as her own tag. After Sarah sets her itinerary from June 15, 2023, to June 19, 2023, our App will then ask Sarah’s interest of traveling in Chicago. Sarah will choose the button “Cityview Sightseeing” and “Museum Tours” as her interests of where to go. She will also choose “Italian Cuisine” and “Chinese Cuisine” as her desired places to eat. After selecting those options, our ChatGPT API-backed itinerary generator will take Sarah’s interests of Chicago and display the generated general itinerary based on the details she inputs. Here is an example itinerary for a day, in the morning, start your day by visiting the Art Institute of Chicago, one of the most renowned art museums in the world. In the afternoon, Head to Millennium Park, where you can take a stroll and admire the iconic Cloud Gate sculpture, also known as "The Bean." At night, for a panoramic view of the city, visit the Skydeck Chicago at Willis Tower. For restaurants, it will recommend MingHin Cuisine locates at 333 E Benton Pl, Chicago, IL 60601, and Quartino Ristorante & Wine Bar locates at 626 N State St, Chicago, IL 60654 which are restaurants near the above-suggested attractions. 
After delivering a 3-day traveling itinerary for Sarah, she can also see past planned trips from other users. Since Yelp and Facebook will be the Third-Party Authentication, for those suggested attractions and restaurants in the given itinerary, Sarah is able to check other users comments and detailed information about hours and ticketing through Yelp and Facebook.

